Update the pVACvector params descriptions (#1208)
griffithlab/pVACtools: docs/pvacvector/run.rst

value (``--top-score-metric lowest``) will give more confidence that there are
no junctional neoepitopes.

When running pVACvector with a ``--percentile-threshold`` the ``--percentile-threshold-strategy``
parameter specifies how to evaluate junctional epitopes. The ``conservative``
option fails a junction if a junctional epitope fails EITHER the binding threshold
OR the percentile threshold (default). The ``exploratory`` option fails a junction
only if a junctional epitope fails BOTH the binding threshold AND the percentile threshold.

> The latter will lead to greater possibility of a successful run since a
> junction is less likely to be invalidated.

Author: ```suggestion
The latter will increase the odds of a successful run (since a junction is less likely to be invalidated) but also increase the odds of a true junctional epitope.
```

> junction is less likely to be invalidated.

Author: Good idea. I updated that sentence.
